Fzampori csoar changelog (#3319)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: blog-csoar/2023-11-15-application-update.md

---

> title: November 15, 2023 - Application Update

Reviewer: Should this be 11/16?

Author: yes, I'm updating filename too

hide_table_of_contents: false
keywords:
  - sumo logic
  - cloud soar
  - automation service

>  
> tags: [cloud soar release notes,automation service , application update]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tags: [cloud soar release notes, automation service, application update]
```

image: https://help.sumologic.com/img/sumo-square.png
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

### Changes and Enhancements 
* Added documentation for [Cloud SOAR Audit Logging](/docs/cloud-soar/audit-event-index/)

### Bug fixes 
* Actions: Fixed run action causing page reload when response data is too large.
* Playbooks: Removed Resource from inputs when selecting an Internal integration in add or edit node.
* Playbooks actions: Fixed boolean values processed as null.
#### Cloud SOAR

> * Fixed ApiV3 change incident owner when using incorrect owner ID or with a Group ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed API v3 change incident owner when using incorrect owner ID or with a Group ID.
```
